Just don't grandstand here, okay?
It's too late even for Hua Tuo to be alive now
I want you to be buried with my dad for supper
If you don't let me do it, your father is really helpless
supper
You can really save Tianyun
Grandpa, how can you believe what this trash says?
You shut up
If you can really save Tian Yun
What happened today
I won't bother with you and Xueyao
Bear with me!
It might hurt a little.
Dedicated brother, I'm going to kill you
You punk! Do you know what you're doing?
Somebody kill him for me
I can talk now.
I can talk.
Your Majesty, how did you do it?
Just a few slaps
Maybe some people just need a fight in their lives
Not uncomfortable
There we go.